Confirmed:

- Copy progress indicator lost some of its accuracy because of speed-up.

- GURUes after exiting from file viewer if search function was in use (same
happens in original version). It happens when some other program keeps lock
on viewed file.

- After reopening window due to message from screennotify.library displayed
directories aren't preserved. This is some kind of magic :(

- Clashes with Birdie when opened on own screen. You have to set Birdie to
ignore DOpus screen to avoid that bug. I don't know yet what's causing it.

- Problems with returning from configuration window. It happens when you
open another DOpus or configuration window in meanwhile. Just avoid it to
avoid that bug :)

- If DOpus is opened on own hi/truecolor screen it's window gets trashed
after returning from WB screen. Either use DOpus on WB screen or select
only upto 8bit screens for it until that bug is fixed. Resizing the window
also removes trashed parts.

- If you rename directory to an already existing name the old directory
will be deleted. Needs fixing ASAP.



Unconfirmed:

- Support for dynamic-palette IFFs (SHAM, DHiRes) is reverse-engineered
(sources for pchg.lib weren't provided) and untested as I don't have such
pictures.

- problems with MagicMenu - could be related to some very old version as
2.29 works fine here.

- can crash after deleting files. Could be caused by other
program trashing memory.

- ConfigOpus crashes with some fonts (in Screen/Fonts).

- Problems with accessing menu. RMB needs to be clicked twice to open menu.
Could be related to some versions of MagicMenu.




Commenting directories
----------------------
This seems to always act recursively. That is, if you highlight a directory to
change its comment, the comment is applied to every file and dir in that
directory.

This can be a major problem. Imagine downloading many files from various web
sites, all related to one subject. The downloaded files have the URLs in
their comments. This is useful since it is easy to see where a file was
downloaded from.

If I then set the comment of the directory that the files are in, Opus
overwrites the existing comments of all the files so the URL information is
lost.

Possible solutions?
 - If a single directory is selected, make the Okay button in the comment
   requester just set the comment for that dir. The All button would set
   comment recursively.
or
 - By default only set the comment of selected directories, don't recurse into
   them. Perhaps add a "Recursive" button to the comment requester, which
   would behave the way the Okay button works now.



Auto-refresh of view
--------------------
When the "Directory refresh using StartNotify()" option is enabled, if a
string gadget is active it is made inactive when the view is refreshed.

To see this, configure a button to e.g. compress the selected files using
gzip. Highlight several files in a directory and click the button. Each time
a file has been compressed, the directory view is refreshed. If while this is
happening you click in the path string gadget and try to edit it, the gadget
is made inactive whenever a file has been compressed. This is really
annoying. Also, if e.g. you have typed "DH0" when the view is refreshed
(wanting to type DH0:), Opus appends a / to the string when the view is
refreshed. So you must click in the gadget and delete the /, but then the
view is refreshed again...



Zero-length files
-----------------
I have Opus set to preserve file datestamps and comments when copying. There
is a bug where the dates and comments of empty files (i.e. 0 bytes long) are
not preserved when they are copied.



"Check fit" feature
-------------------
When copying files from one disk to another, this is quite useful. There is a
situation where there is no need to check whether the files will fit. Namely,
where the destination disk has more free space than the entire source disk;
think copying a DD floppy disk to a hard disk which has > 1MB free.

